This document entails the privacy policy and agreement that you accept when adding any of IvanLeviathan's bots to a server, or as a member of such a server. This document does not supersede the Developer Terms of Service.

Bots, Services, and Servers
The following is a list of bots to which this privacy policy applies.

lillite’s bot ྀིྀ #0645 (1300162316821598259)
This privacy policy also applies to all of these sites and subdomains of these sites:
https://keit.voog.com/et

Terminology
Server Manager - Anyone who has the ability to add a bot to a server or configure the bot for the server. This is usually an administrator or moderator
Server Member - Anyone who is a member of server to which one of the bots has been added
Service User - Anyone who authorizes an application (logs in) for a scope that provides additional information
Data Collected Automatically
This data may be collected automatically by some bots. This data is used to provide statistics or history data. For any bots that collect this data, it is necessary for features of said bot.

Discord ID
Discord username
Count of messages on discord guild (server)
Data Collected via Authorization
This data may be collected when authorizing an application, such as when logging in to a site via Discord Oauth2. This data is also outlined on the authorization page.

Username, Discord ID, Avatar Data
List of guilds (servers) your account is connected to
E-mail address
Data Storage
All stored data is kept on protected servers. While storage methods vary, most data is kept within password-protected databases MongoDB. Please keep in mind that even with these protections, no data can ever be 100% secure. All efforts are taken to keep your data secure and private, but its absolute security cannot be guaranteed.

Feedback
Feedback on any and all provided bots and services is appreciated. When you submit comments, suggestions, bug reports, and any other forms of feedback, you forego any rights to the content, title, or intent of the provided feedback. Additionally, the feedback may be utilized in any way.

Agreement
By adding any of shelleyshellsxx bots to your server or using these bots or services in any way, you are consenting to the policies outlined in this document. In addition, you (the server manager) are agreeing to inform your members of the Developer Terms of Service and the contents of this document. If you, the server manager, do not agree to this document, you may remove the bot(s) from the server. If you, the server member, do not agree to this document, you may leave the server that contains the bot(s). If you, the service user, do not agree to this document, you may revoke authorization of the application(s) in your 'Authorized Apps' menu.
